#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements_dev.txt requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
azure-storage-queue==12.12.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
coverage[toml]==7.6.8
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   jwcrypto
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
django==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
google-api-core==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
keystoneauth1==5.9.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo-config==9.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-serialization==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pytest
    #   python-keystoneclient
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pillow-simd==9.5.0.post2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   oslo-utils
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via autoflake
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via time-machine
python-keystoneclient==5.5.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
python-swiftclient==4.6.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   google-api-core
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
time-machine==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
timeout-decorator==0.5.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
toolz==1.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   black
    #   jwcrypto
    #   keystoneauth1
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
    #   opencensus-ext-requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==24.3.1
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via pip-tools
